# Comp517 Project Hacking

You will identify and contribute to the understanding and
knowledge on a problem related to operating systems. It is
anticipated that this project will identify a compelling and
technically interesting problem and make concrete progress
towards solving that problem. The project must emphasize
original contributions to the conversation on the topic and
result in a real software artifacts as well as evidence to
support the hypothesis for how to solve the problem. You
will sketch out the problem, related literature, and plan in
the [project proposal](../proposal/README.md) and execute
its plan with code located in this directory. 

The primary objective of this project is to make a
hypothesis for addressing a current problem. A project will
typically take one of two forms: 1) system that includes
novel design and implementation elements to address the gap
in the literature or 2) devises a hypothesis and explores a
concrete phenomena of interest in an empirical
investigation. 

## Grading

Grading projects is hard to define in general, however, it
is anticipated that you will produce code that I can run and
test out. That you will generate artifacts demonstrating
that your idea does in fact address the problem you propose
and is distinct from related work. It need not be successful
in producing better results, but we should learn something
from the investigation. It is anticipated that at the
[midterm report](../midterm/README.md) you will a running
prototype that you can demo. For the final we anticipate an
independent project that can be run by the professor.

## Compiling and Running our Program

We have provided a makefile for compiliation purposes. Our shell program is ./ourpipe. By default, the program terminates after performing a single pipeline, and does not report the time taken by the pipeline. Specifying the -r argument makes the program loop after performing each pipeline. Specifying the -t argument makes the program report the CLOCK_REALTIME time taken by each pipeline.
